Right now that we have Kalli Linux installed let me just show you an overview of the system what Linux
is.
What's the structure of the file systems are and some of the basic apps that we're going to use.
Now bear with me I know the quality of the color here.
Right now I'm using it in a stretched mode so it's not proper full screen.
I'm doing that because there is certain programs that we need to install first.
To make it support the full resolution of the screen or off the monitor and go talk about that in the
next lecture because it is it's not as vast as just you need to know some commands.
And I'll walk you through them.
But for now I'd just like to give you an overview of the system.
So as you can see here we just have a status bar very simple the Applications menu can be accessed from
here.
So if you click on applications you'll be able to access all the applications that come in preinstalled
with clinics.
And as you can see they are divided into categories in terms of the type of the attack that they get.
They allow you to do so.
We have information gathering vulnerability analysis web applications and databases exploitation reverse
engineering all types of applications that can be used for penetration testing in the places here that
allows you to access your file systems the files that you'll be using.
It's something similar to my documents in Windows machines.
So as you can see here if we click on computers you'll be able to access all the files and the devices
you rarely go here this and usually access stuff through the home right here or through the roads through
the route because we're the route users.
So it's the same thing if I go to places and then go to home right here and from here you can see that
you can access your desktop your documents download music whatever.
Same way that you have it for Windows or for Mac OS X and you have your trashier where your trash goes.
This is just a basic file manager bike for word.
And then you can double click a file to run it or double click a directory to open it.
Here we have again as I said the status bar here you can see the number of desktops or workspaces.
Now Linux usually supports workspaces so you can have different Windows running on different workspaces.
Now at the moment I have no windows running so there's I can't really go to the second word a second
workplace.
Well for example if I had my file manager open here I can go to our next workspace and this will be
empty.
And then I can I can have something else run running here and have two things or three things that I
can have as many workspaces as I want.
And it's just easier for you to be switching between them and we'll be using them when we're doing our
penetration testing attacks.
Now in here you can have your keyboard if you have more than a keyboard that you want to switch between
them.
You have your networks from here so you can access your wireless your wired networks and your wireless.
Now one thing to note you will not be able to access your internal wireless card through a virtual machine.
So the internal wireless card that you have which is connected to your main machine you will not be
able to access it through your virtual machine.
As you remember we said the settings of this computer to be to be connected through not which means
that it has internet connection but the internet connection is coming from the host machine.
So it actually has a virtual into a virtual network set up between this device and my main device which
is this device so there is a connection between the two devices.
This device has intimate access because of the Internet access provided by the main machine
and you can also change your volume from here from the same menu and you can turn off the computer lock
it or enter the preferences from here.
These are just normal preferences you can get yourself familiar with them background's notifications
displays will play with this.
After we fixed the resolution mouse networks all that kind of stuff.
And then you have your battery settings and that's it really for the status bar.
So very simple applications and places the most things I will be using.
And then you can access your network settings from here.
If you had a wireless card connected you'll be able to see the available networks here.
If you want to connect a wireless card all you have to do is connected so I have a Y A U.S. B wireless
card I'm going to connect it now and I'll show you how it shows up.
So you need to go to this menu right here devices and then go to us.
Now this this procedure is the same regardless of the device that you connect it to us be device whether
it's a wireless device or if it's just a memory stick or any US device.
You go to devices us B and then select the device that you want to connect.
So I connected a wireless card and the chipset that's used in the card is called Atheros.
So this is my wireless card.
I'm going to click it and that should connect it now to my virtual machine to the Callimachi.
So if you go here and gone wireless and then select the network and as you can see I can see the networks
that exist around me I can select any network that I want to connect to and just put the password and
connect to the network normally the way you connect to any other network that you want.
OK so I'm going to disconnect my wireless card now.
Now as you can see now the I don't have wireless get connected.
What I'd like to note though I still have internet connection because as I said my main machine right
here the know the Mac OS X machine is connected to my network and this virtual machine is connected
to my Mac machine via internal virtual network.
So the browser that comes in with Kalya the next is this one I'm going to just go to Google to show
you that we have Internet connection
as you can see that we have Internet connection right here.
Now this is just a normal browser you can use it the same way you use any other browser the applications
right here are going to talk about them at the moment because we're going to use them in the future
and you'll see what each one of them does.
Once we get to.